---
product: experience platform
solution: Offer Decisioning
title: Documentation updates
description: Learn about the latest documentation updates for Offer Decisioning.
role: User
level: Intermediate
exl-id: e6f856aa-f755-4ab0-9f53-e53f19c1fbe8
---
# Documentation updates

This page lists all the documentation updates for [!DNL Offer Decisioning].

You can also consult the [!DNL Offer Decisioning] release notes [here](release-notes.md).

## July 2021 {#july-2021}

The new **Overview** tab has been documented. [Read more](get-started/user-interface.md#overview)

New sections have been added to describe the actions available from the offer and decision lists:
* [Offer list](offer-library/creating-personalized-offers.md#offer-list)
* [Decision list](offer-activities/create-offer-activities.md#decision-list)

A warning has been added to mention that event-based offers are not currently supported. [Read more](offer-library/creating-personalized-offers.md#eligibility)

## June 2021 {#june-2021}

Information has been added on how to create ranking strategies and use them in decisions:

* [AI rankings](offer-library/create-ranking-strategies.md)
* [Use a ranking strategy in a decision](offer-activities/configure-offer-selection.md#use-ranking-strategy)

## May 2021 {#may-2021}

New sections have been added to describe all the fields used in the autogenerated datasets for each object of your Offer Library. [Read more](export-catalog/export-offers.md)


## April 2021 {#april-2021}

A new section has been added on how to create Offer Decisioning reports in Adobe Experience Platform. [Read more](reports/get-started-events.md)

The documentation has been updated to reflect the new navigation in Offer Decisioning functionalities.

## March 2021 {#march-2021}

Information has been added on how to use a decision rule or a segment as a constraint in a decision. [Read more](offer-activities/create-offer-activities.md#add-decisions)

Information has been added on how to use a segment to determine an offer's eligibility. [Read more](offer-library/creating-personalized-offers.md#eligibility)

## February 2021 {#february-2021}

A new section has been added on how to automatically export your offer catalog to Adobe Experience Platform. [Read more](export-catalog/get-started-export.md)

Information has been added on how to create ranking formulas and use them in decisions:

* [Create ranking formulas](offer-library/create-ranking-formulas.md)
* [Configure offers selection in decisions](offer-activities/configure-offer-selection.md) 

## January 2021 {#january-2021}

Information has been added about the detailed view accessible when clicking an offer or a decision's name in the list. [Read more](get-started/user-interface.md#information-pane-actions) 

Information has been added about the **[!UICONTROL Change log]** tab that allows you to vizualise all the changes that have been made to offers and decisions. [Read more](get-started/user-interface.md#changes-log)

Information has been added on how to perform bulk actions on multiple offers or decisions. [Read more](get-started/user-interface.md#information-pane-actions)

Information has been added on the new **[!UICONTROL Browse]** button that allows you to access and filter available placements when configuring representations. [Read more](offer-library/creating-personalized-offers.md)

Information has been added on how to duplicate offers and decisions. [Read more](get-started/user-interface.md#information-pane-actions)

A note has been added in the representation configuration section to specify that contents can only be drag and dropped from the left pane. [Read more](offer-library/creating-personalized-offers.md)
